would have resisted the crisis experienced also had the government of Ceará
the accustomed audience
with this stop
deputy leader, the Serbian
amazing surprise summer collection comes racking power
the collection she goes full - mountain
every week has news is that the super strong we show first hand
I'm going there to start pressing bad luck 5
despite the fact that we are continually chosen to be super sports
this session
this meeting everything
woman's cristian so
but it ensures that so they were hit by bullets differentiated
indispensable
in the woman's wardrobe mainly so that she can do so
composition
look what a wonderful thing glory soccer raquel
they are approaching
one of them is
The collection of luciana son-in-law really hits records in that
time
more than 100 years
it is important to say that they
knowing the attacked by the employee in the stores every homicide complaint
simply looking for other stores
and you will only find there to tell in the other case ana jorge
the treatment
and then you come in and here
the breath of the fans we put
the collection of the denunciation maison collection the best society store
Why do you deserve people have to look beautiful in the sky?
the thing was wrong
in that tv interview
if it's not something
if the increase was generated
practicality
Wonderful party is almost a work of art met because the fashion you
developed you
you
here are the pieces for the affection and the shape to have done for the modeling
in the street mayor has cool modeling have to dress well in that piece she is
wearing cap she has flaws stay duck has entered the store
how this faith
Jennifer Lopez wants to invest
no I did not number one is a letter
Mario
is the men's fashion -7 also in the zone we practically packed
pfff lived with differentiated modeling of the size of the companies concerned
it's a modeling
fable gomes barbosa a new modeling the soap she has almost in cash a
little more
adjusted book of sinimbu low it is tuning can open the heart
The most attractive of the ax is the one we're going to honk. Look how nice everyone is.
those more modern men want a different style and opposite side more
but it will maintain a finer modeling and washing
a dry and sunny damask
now it's okay
lol
various models
differentiated for deception
You have to go to twitter sites.
not satisfied with a gain
to create this career
they were closed
roberta
remembering I'm not an artist he's everything, it's not because he's not
no one for me
in various sizes including
will visit the mother in the 15th sensual the summer is used
and you will be able to use and abuse the time is very close to the title she has the
eyes longer than this modeling that lost to win
which is the traditional evaluation done by the team is well and that the other
after a Saturday it will be going home
the girls who really want the entrepreneur despite the resignation to
there is hot summer in the area
Daughter working out would see him doing that composition had plain wire
patience
they have the quality in front
the bail payment list
it's more because
but nothing has been done, there is nothing else because I think it is a population of
less so the collision between two vehicles in the salary
- It's such a beautiful wonderful clowning is this guy
In fact, wearing a cap is also a new modeling,
saruel né
won a new
a new trend the new style that are several satellite models
we sin in the details that die
- differentiated buttons plus material
she comes composing with a perfect trim on the woman
and this is cool because it has a variety of movies
the action you have from home
will stay as is the big pelé style the military was to improve
echegaray
before the match start talking I want
detail without taking or putting
this is what is the coolest thing is that we feel this and anthology of the agency
minds
leaders
Look at your parade here in the superpop every Wednesday.
they go to our voices and here and I think this question
however there are over 800 pieces from the collection
every week have
for the whole week arrives new parts
these parts like like that the parking lot to be rescued
this is already the modeling to get to more traditional
and that also brings the option for Father's Day is coming then you
would you like
give your parents more modern
more cool with comfort and to give a gift
it was unjust of this quality to sell them there
have a gift pmdb from goiás this is cool the site
which are the tax obligations presented at the fair
The drugstore
besides making the party I want to congratulate you when you enjoy northern parana
which opened a new complaint store
filipe lima
variety and sophistication to better serve our customers
our tenants
then the clown passes that the earth is tuning right
shows and the modeling are different dances
it's Tuesday 10 they leave your bouquet
pretty
if the author and at the same time called the window not only because it shows well the
defense
It was a party that fell perfectly to the body.
stay tuned
if you fit within the trend because that pendency a trend
world and when I tell the gay world it's fine it's hard to say
this spatial perception for example
it is like that collection that is part of the complaint that still today
still follow with the differentiated modeling
increased the vacancy
several mortars in a style
so besides the pants that come clear is a country that fills
if this person persists as she is the victim now
junior to rock in a differential of the band zé that final face
but you logistics and ask for patients
and our salespeople, and yes
but let's talk
What is the great advantage that besides the
said
from the collection the demon's souls of fire and congratulations the correction by cdi is
here more to come
for the third time
access sites that do not stay put
the kick forward
payments to the city more than
first
Thank you for coming down so far, I will be back in the teacher's life.
he is loose
He will become three girls.
and now
since then